Daikon version 5.8.8, released March 2, 2021; http://plse.cs.washington.edu/daikon.
Reading declaration files .(read 1 decls file)
Processing trace data; reading 2 dtrace files:

===========================================================================
..tick():::ENTER
intr_otp_operation_done_o == intr_otp_error_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == otp_obs_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == intg_error
intr_otp_operation_done_o == tlul_req
intr_otp_operation_done_o == tlul_addr
intr_otp_operation_done_o == part_tlul_gnt
intr_otp_operation_done_o == part_tlul_rvalid
intr_otp_operation_done_o == part_tlul_rerror
intr_otp_operation_done_o == dai_idle
intr_otp_operation_done_o == dai_rdata
intr_otp_operation_done_o == dai_prog_idle
intr_otp_operation_done_o == lci_prog_idle
intr_otp_operation_done_o == part_error
intr_otp_operation_done_o == part_fsm_err
intr_otp_operation_done_o == otp_operation_done
intr_otp_operation_done_o == chk_pending
intr_otp_operation_done_o == chk_timeout
intr_otp_operation_done_o == lfsr_fsm_err
intr_otp_operation_done_o == scrmbl_fsm_err
intr_otp_operation_done_o == integ_chk_req
intr_otp_operation_done_o == cnsty_chk_req
intr_otp_operation_done_o == lfsr_edn_req
intr_otp_operation_done_o == lfsr_edn_ack
intr_otp_operation_done_o == edn_data
intr_otp_operation_done_o == edn_req
intr_otp_operation_done_o == edn_ack
intr_otp_operation_done_o == key_edn_req
intr_otp_operation_done_o == key_edn_ack
intr_otp_operation_done_o == part_otp_arb_req
intr_otp_operation_done_o == part_otp_arb_gnt
intr_otp_operation_done_o == otp_arb_valid
intr_otp_operation_done_o == otp_rsp_fifo_ready
intr_otp_operation_done_o == otp_arb_idx
intr_otp_operation_done_o == part_otp_err
intr_otp_operation_done_o == part_otp_rdata
intr_otp_operation_done_o == otp_rvalid
intr_otp_operation_done_o == otp_test_vect
intr_otp_operation_done_o == otp_fifo_valid
intr_otp_operation_done_o == otp_part_idx
intr_otp_operation_done_o == part_scrmbl_mtx_req
intr_otp_operation_done_o == scrmbl_mtx_idx
intr_otp_operation_done_o == scrmbl_mtx_valid
intr_otp_operation_done_o == part_scrmbl_rsp_data
intr_otp_operation_done_o == scrmbl_arb_rsp_valid
intr_otp_operation_done_o == part_init_req
intr_otp_operation_done_o == part_init_done
intr_otp_operation_done_o == pwr_otp_req_synced
intr_otp_operation_done_o == pwr_otp_rsp_d
intr_otp_operation_done_o == rst_ni
intr_otp_operation_done_o == rst_edn_ni
intr_otp_operation_done_o == scan_en_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == cio_test_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == cio_test_en_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == lc_escalate_en_any
intr_otp_operation_done_o == tlul_gnt
intr_otp_operation_done_o == tlul_rvalid
intr_otp_operation_done_o == tlul_rerror
intr_otp_operation_done_o == tlul_rdata
intr_otp_operation_done_o == tlul_part_idx
intr_otp_operation_done_o == tlul_oob_err_d
intr_otp_operation_done_o == tlul_oob_err_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == part_tlul_req
intr_otp_operation_done_o == part_tlul_addr
intr_otp_operation_done_o == unused_digest
intr_otp_operation_done_o == dai_req
intr_otp_operation_done_o == dai_addr
intr_otp_operation_done_o == dai_wdata
intr_otp_operation_done_o == otp_idle_d
intr_otp_operation_done_o == otp_idle_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == part_errors_reduced
intr_otp_operation_done_o == otp_error
intr_otp_operation_done_o == fatal_macro_error_d
intr_otp_operation_done_o == fatal_macro_error_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == fatal_check_error_d
intr_otp_operation_done_o == fatal_check_error_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == fatal_bus_integ_error_d
intr_otp_operation_done_o == fatal_bus_integ_error_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == interrupt_triggers_d
intr_otp_operation_done_o == interrupt_triggers_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == alerts
intr_otp_operation_done_o == alert_test
intr_otp_operation_done_o == integ_chk_trig
intr_otp_operation_done_o == cnsty_chk_trig
intr_otp_operation_done_o == otp_arb_ready
intr_otp_operation_done_o == otp_prim_valid
intr_otp_operation_done_o == otp_rsp_fifo_valid
intr_otp_operation_done_o == part_otp_rvalid
intr_otp_operation_done_o == part_scrmbl_mtx_gnt
intr_otp_operation_done_o == part_scrmbl_rsp_valid
intr_otp_operation_done_o == pwr_otp_rsp_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == unused_lci_scrmbl_sigs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == scrmbl_key_seed_valid
intr_otp_operation_done_o == unused_kdi_otp_sigs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_partitions[1].gen_unbuffered.unused_part_scrmbl_sigs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_partitions[2].gen_unbuffered.unused_part_scrmbl_sigs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_partitions[3].gen_buffered.unused_part_tlul_sigs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_partitions[4].gen_buffered.unused_part_tlul_sigs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_partitions[5].gen_buffered.unused_part_tlul_sigs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_partitions[6].gen_buffered.unused_part_tlul_sigs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_partitions[7].gen_lifecycle.unused_part_tlul_sigs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_partitions[7].gen_lifecycle.unused_part_scrmbl_sigs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == edn_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == edn_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == otp_ast_pwr_seq_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == pwr_otp_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == pwr_otp_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == lc_otp_vendor_test_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == lc_otp_vendor_test_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == lc_otp_program_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == flash_otp_key_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == sram_otp_key_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == otbn_otp_key_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == otp_arb_bundle
intr_otp_operation_done_o == prim_tl_h2d_gated
intr_otp_operation_done_o == scrmbl_req_bundle
intr_otp_operation_done_o == reg_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == reg_re
intr_otp_operation_done_o == intr_state_otp_operation_done_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == intr_state_otp_error_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == intr_enable_otp_operation_done_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == intr_enable_otp_error_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == direct_access_address_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == direct_access_wdata_0_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == direct_access_wdata_1_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == check_timeout_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == integrity_check_period_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == consistency_check_period_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == intg_err_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == reg_error
intr_otp_operation_done_o == addrmiss
intr_otp_operation_done_o == wr_err
intr_otp_operation_done_o == reg_busy
intr_otp_operation_done_o == intg_err
intr_otp_operation_done_o == reg_we_err
intr_otp_operation_done_o == reg_we_check
intr_otp_operation_done_o == err_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == intr_state_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == intr_enable_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == intr_test_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == alert_test_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == status_re
intr_otp_operation_done_o == status_vendor_test_error_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == status_creator_sw_cfg_error_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == status_owner_sw_cfg_error_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == status_hw_cfg_error_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == status_secret0_error_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == status_secret1_error_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == status_secret2_error_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == status_life_cycle_error_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == status_dai_error_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == status_lci_error_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == status_timeout_error_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == status_lfsr_fsm_error_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == status_scrambling_fsm_error_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == status_key_deriv_fsm_error_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == status_bus_integ_error_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == status_dai_idle_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == status_check_pending_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == err_code_re
intr_otp_operation_done_o == err_code_err_code_0_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == err_code_err_code_1_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == err_code_err_code_2_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == err_code_err_code_3_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == err_code_err_code_4_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == err_code_err_code_5_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == err_code_err_code_6_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == err_code_err_code_7_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == err_code_err_code_8_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == err_code_err_code_9_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == direct_access_regwen_re
intr_otp_operation_done_o == direct_access_regwen_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == direct_access_cmd_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == direct_access_address_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == direct_access_wdata_0_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == direct_access_wdata_1_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == direct_access_rdata_0_re
intr_otp_operation_done_o == direct_access_rdata_0_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == direct_access_rdata_1_re
intr_otp_operation_done_o == direct_access_rdata_1_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == check_trigger_regwen_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == check_trigger_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == check_regwen_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == check_timeout_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == integrity_check_period_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == consistency_check_period_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == vendor_test_read_lock_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == creator_sw_cfg_read_lock_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == owner_sw_cfg_read_lock_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == vendor_test_digest_0_re
intr_otp_operation_done_o == vendor_test_digest_0_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == vendor_test_digest_1_re
intr_otp_operation_done_o == vendor_test_digest_1_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == creator_sw_cfg_digest_0_re
intr_otp_operation_done_o == creator_sw_cfg_digest_0_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == creator_sw_cfg_digest_1_re
intr_otp_operation_done_o == creator_sw_cfg_digest_1_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == owner_sw_cfg_digest_0_re
intr_otp_operation_done_o == owner_sw_cfg_digest_0_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == owner_sw_cfg_digest_1_re
intr_otp_operation_done_o == owner_sw_cfg_digest_1_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == hw_cfg_digest_0_re
intr_otp_operation_done_o == hw_cfg_digest_0_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == hw_cfg_digest_1_re
intr_otp_operation_done_o == hw_cfg_digest_1_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == secret0_digest_0_re
intr_otp_operation_done_o == secret0_digest_0_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == secret0_digest_1_re
intr_otp_operation_done_o == secret0_digest_1_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == secret1_digest_0_re
intr_otp_operation_done_o == secret1_digest_0_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == secret1_digest_1_re
intr_otp_operation_done_o == secret1_digest_1_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == secret2_digest_0_re
intr_otp_operation_done_o == secret2_digest_0_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == secret2_digest_1_re
intr_otp_operation_done_o == secret2_digest_1_qs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == intr_test_qe
intr_otp_operation_done_o == intr_test_flds_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == alert_test_qe
intr_otp_operation_done_o == alert_test_flds_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == direct_access_cmd_qe
intr_otp_operation_done_o == direct_access_cmd_flds_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == direct_access_cmd_gated_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == direct_access_address_gated_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == direct_access_wdata_0_gated_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == direct_access_wdata_1_gated_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == check_trigger_qe
intr_otp_operation_done_o == check_trigger_flds_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == check_trigger_gated_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == check_timeout_gated_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == integrity_check_period_gated_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == consistency_check_period_gated_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == vendor_test_read_lock_gated_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == creator_sw_cfg_read_lock_gated_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == owner_sw_cfg_read_lock_gated_we
intr_otp_operation_done_o == req_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gnt_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == we_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == addr_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == wdata_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == wmask_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == rdata_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == rvalid_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == rerror_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == reqfifo_wready
intr_otp_operation_done_o == reqfifo_rvalid
intr_otp_operation_done_o == sramreqfifo_wready
intr_otp_operation_done_o == rspfifo_wready
intr_otp_operation_done_o == rspfifo_rvalid
intr_otp_operation_done_o == intg_error_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == rd_vld_error
intr_otp_operation_done_o == intg_error_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == reqfifo_wvalid
intr_otp_operation_done_o == reqfifo_rready
intr_otp_operation_done_o == sramreqfifo_wvalid
intr_otp_operation_done_o == sramreqfifo_rready
intr_otp_operation_done_o == rspfifo_wvalid
intr_otp_operation_done_o == rspfifo_rready
intr_otp_operation_done_o == a_ack
intr_otp_operation_done_o == d_ack
intr_otp_operation_done_o == sram_ack
intr_otp_operation_done_o == d_valid
intr_otp_operation_done_o == d_error
intr_otp_operation_done_o == vld_rd_rsp
intr_otp_operation_done_o == unused_instr
intr_otp_operation_done_o == woffset
intr_otp_operation_done_o == wmask_combined
intr_otp_operation_done_o == wdata_combined
intr_otp_operation_done_o == wmask_int
intr_otp_operation_done_o == wdata_int
intr_otp_operation_done_o == wmask_intg
intr_otp_operation_done_o == wdata_intg
intr_otp_operation_done_o == rdata_reshaped
intr_otp_operation_done_o == rdata_tlword
intr_otp_operation_done_o == unused_rerror
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_write_output[0].gen_ft_output.unused_w
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_rmask.rmask
intr_otp_operation_done_o == reqfifo_rdata
intr_otp_operation_done_o == sramreqfifo_rdata
intr_otp_operation_done_o == rspfifo_rdata
intr_otp_operation_done_o == rspfifo_wdata
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gnt_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == idx_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == ready_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_normal_case.gnt_tree
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_normal_case.gen_tree[0].gen_level[0].gen_nodes.sel
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_normal_case.gen_tree[1].gen_level[0].gen_nodes.sel
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_normal_case.gen_tree[2].gen_level[0].gen_nodes.sel
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_normal_case.gen_no_dataport.unused_data
intr_otp_operation_done_o == event_intr_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == reg2hw_intr_enable_q_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == reg2hw_intr_test_qe_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == reg2hw_intr_state_q_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == hw2reg_intr_state_de_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == hw2reg_intr_state_d_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == intr_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == new_event
intr_otp_operation_done_o == edn_req_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == edn_data_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == timer_en_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == integ_chk_trig_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == cnsty_chk_trig_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == chk_pending_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == timeout_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == integ_period_msk_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == cnsty_period_msk_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == integ_chk_req_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == cnsty_chk_req_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == chk_timeout_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == lfsr_err
intr_otp_operation_done_o == integ_cnt
intr_otp_operation_done_o == cnsty_cnt
intr_otp_operation_done_o == integ_cnt_err
intr_otp_operation_done_o == cnsty_cnt_err
intr_otp_operation_done_o == edn_ack_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == fsm_err_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == reseed_en
intr_otp_operation_done_o == lfsr_en
intr_otp_operation_done_o == reseed_cnt_d
intr_otp_operation_done_o == reseed_cnt_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == entropy
intr_otp_operation_done_o == unused_seed
intr_otp_operation_done_o == integ_cnt_set_val
intr_otp_operation_done_o == cnsty_cnt_set_val
intr_otp_operation_done_o == integ_set_period
intr_otp_operation_done_o == integ_set_timeout
intr_otp_operation_done_o == cnsty_set_period
intr_otp_operation_done_o == cnsty_set_timeout
intr_otp_operation_done_o == integ_cnt_set
intr_otp_operation_done_o == cnsty_cnt_set
intr_otp_operation_done_o == cnsty_cnt_pause
intr_otp_operation_done_o == set_all_integ_reqs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == set_all_cnsty_reqs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == integ_chk_req_d
intr_otp_operation_done_o == integ_chk_req_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == cnsty_chk_req_d
intr_otp_operation_done_o == cnsty_chk_req_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == clr_integ_chk_trig
intr_otp_operation_done_o == clr_cnsty_chk_trig
intr_otp_operation_done_o == integ_chk_trig_d
intr_otp_operation_done_o == integ_chk_trig_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == cnsty_chk_trig_d
intr_otp_operation_done_o == cnsty_chk_trig_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == chk_timeout_d
intr_otp_operation_done_o == chk_timeout_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_normal_case.prio_tree
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_normal_case.mask_tree
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_normal_case.data_tree
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_normal_case.prio_mask_d
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_normal_case.prio_mask_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_normal_case.unused_prio_tree
intr_otp_operation_done_o == ack_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == word_ack
intr_otp_operation_done_o == word_data
intr_otp_operation_done_o == word_fips
intr_otp_operation_done_o == err_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == word_req
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_normal_case.gen_tree[4].gen_level[11].gen_leafs.gen_tie_off.unused_sigs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_normal_case.gen_tree[4].gen_level[12].gen_leafs.gen_tie_off.unused_sigs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_normal_case.gen_tree[4].gen_level[13].gen_leafs.gen_tie_off.unused_sigs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_normal_case.gen_tree[4].gen_level[14].gen_leafs.gen_tie_off.unused_sigs
intr_otp_operation_done_o == tl_h2d_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == pwr_seq_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == test_ctrl_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == test_status_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == test_vect_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == valid_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == size_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == cmd_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == addr_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == wdata_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == rdata_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == test_tl_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == clr_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == wvalid_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == wready_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == rvalid_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == depth_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == rready_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == full_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_normal_fifo.fifo_wptr
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_normal_fifo.fifo_rptr
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_normal_fifo.fifo_incr_wptr
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_normal_fifo.fifo_incr_rptr
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_normal_fifo.full
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_normal_fifo.wptr_msb
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_normal_fifo.rptr_msb
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_normal_fifo.wptr_value
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_normal_fifo.rptr_value
intr_otp_operation_done_o == mode_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == sel_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == data_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == cnt
intr_otp_operation_done_o == cnt_err
intr_otp_operation_done_o == idx_state_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == key_state_d
intr_otp_operation_done_o == key_state_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == data_state_d
intr_otp_operation_done_o == data_state_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == digest_state_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == digest_init
intr_otp_operation_done_o == data_state_sel
intr_otp_operation_done_o == data_state_en
intr_otp_operation_done_o == digest_state_en
intr_otp_operation_done_o == key_state_en
intr_otp_operation_done_o == digest_mode_d
intr_otp_operation_done_o == digest_mode_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == cnt_en
intr_otp_operation_done_o == valid_d
intr_otp_operation_done_o == valid_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == d_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == q_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == intq
intr_otp_operation_done_o == d_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == init_done_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == part_init_req_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == part_init_done_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == error_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == dai_addr_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == dai_req_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == dai_wdata_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == dai_idle_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == dai_rdata_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == otp_req_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == otp_wdata_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == otp_addr_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == otp_rvalid_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == otp_rdata_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == otp_err_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == scrmbl_mtx_req_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == scrmbl_mtx_gnt_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == scrmbl_mode_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == scrmbl_sel_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == scrmbl_data_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == scrmbl_valid_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == scrmbl_ready_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == scrmbl_valid_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == scrmbl_data_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == part_idx
intr_otp_operation_done_o == init_req_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == dai_prog_idle_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == dai_cmd_done_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == otp_gnt_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == error_d
intr_otp_operation_done_o == error_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == data_en
intr_otp_operation_done_o == data_sel
intr_otp_operation_done_o == data_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == addr_base
intr_otp_operation_done_o == addr_calc
intr_otp_operation_done_o == lci_en_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == lc_ack_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == lc_err_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == lci_prog_idle_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == lc_req_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == unused_rdata
intr_otp_operation_done_o == kdi_en_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == scrmbl_key_seed_valid_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gnt
intr_otp_operation_done_o == req_valid
intr_otp_operation_done_o == seed_cnt_err
intr_otp_operation_done_o == entropy_cnt_err
intr_otp_operation_done_o == seed_cnt
intr_otp_operation_done_o == entropy_cnt
intr_otp_operation_done_o == req
intr_otp_operation_done_o == req_ready
intr_otp_operation_done_o == seed_cnt_clr
intr_otp_operation_done_o == seed_cnt_en
intr_otp_operation_done_o == entropy_cnt_clr
intr_otp_operation_done_o == entropy_cnt_en
intr_otp_operation_done_o == seed_valid_reg_en
intr_otp_operation_done_o == key_reg_en
intr_otp_operation_done_o == nonce_reg_en
intr_otp_operation_done_o == seed_valid_d
intr_otp_operation_done_o == seed_valid_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == edn_req_d
intr_otp_operation_done_o == edn_req_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == alert_test_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == alert_req_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == alert_state_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == ping_sigint
intr_otp_operation_done_o == ping_event
intr_otp_operation_done_o == ack_sigint
intr_otp_operation_done_o == ack_level
intr_otp_operation_done_o == alert_pq
intr_otp_operation_done_o == alert_set_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == ping_set_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == alert_ack_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == ping_p
intr_otp_operation_done_o == ack_p
intr_otp_operation_done_o == alert_pd
intr_otp_operation_done_o == sigint_detected
intr_otp_operation_done_o == alert_set_d
intr_otp_operation_done_o == alert_clr
intr_otp_operation_done_o == alert_test_set_d
intr_otp_operation_done_o == alert_test_set_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == ping_set_d
intr_otp_operation_done_o == ping_clr
intr_otp_operation_done_o == alert_req_trigger
intr_otp_operation_done_o == alert_test_trigger
intr_otp_operation_done_o == ping_trigger
intr_otp_operation_done_o == alert_req
intr_otp_operation_done_o == alert_trigger
intr_otp_operation_done_o == digest_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == tlul_req_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == tlul_gnt_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == tlul_addr_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == tlul_rerror_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == tlul_rvalid_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == tlul_rdata_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == ecc_err
intr_otp_operation_done_o == otp_addr_sel
intr_otp_operation_done_o == digest_reg_en
intr_otp_operation_done_o == tlul_addr_d
intr_otp_operation_done_o == tlul_addr_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == pending_tlul_error_d
intr_otp_operation_done_o == pending_tlul_error_q
intr_otp_operation_done_o == gen_unused.unused_bits
intr_otp_operation_done_o == integ_chk_ack_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == cnsty_chk_ack_o
intr_otp_operation_done_o == integ_chk_req_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == cnsty_chk_req_i
intr_otp_operation_done_o == base_sel
intr_otp_operation_done_o == buffer_reg_en
intr_otp_operation_done_o == data_mux
lc_creator_seed_sw_rw_en_i == lc_seed_hw_rd_en_i
lc_creator_seed_sw_rw_en_i == lc_dft_en_i
lc_creator_seed_sw_rw_en_i == lc_escalate_en_i
lc_creator_seed_sw_rw_en_i == lc_check_byp_en_i
lc_creator_seed_sw_rw_en_i == lc_creator_seed_sw_rw_en
lc_creator_seed_sw_rw_en_i == lc_seed_hw_rd_en
lc_creator_seed_sw_rw_en_i == lc_check_byp_en
lc_creator_seed_sw_rw_en_i == test_tokens_valid
lc_creator_seed_sw_rw_en_i == rma_token_valid
lc_creator_seed_sw_rw_en_i == secrets_valid
lc_creator_seed_sw_rw_en_i == lc_en_i
lc_creator_seed_sw_rw_en_i == escalate_en_i
lc_creator_seed_sw_rw_en_i == scrmbl_cmd_o
lc_creator_seed_sw_rw_en_i == gen_no_flops.unused_logic
lc_creator_seed_sw_rw_en_i == check_byp_en_i
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == core_tl_i
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == prim_tl_i
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == tl_win_h2d
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == reg2hw
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == reg_addr
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == reg_wdata
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == reg_be
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == addr_hit
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == reg_rdata
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == reg_rdata_next
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == intr_state_otp_operation_done_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == intr_state_otp_error_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == intr_enable_otp_error_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == intr_test_otp_operation_done_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == intr_test_otp_error_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == alert_test_fatal_macro_error_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == alert_test_fatal_check_error_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == alert_test_fatal_bus_integ_error_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == direct_access_cmd_rd_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == direct_access_cmd_wr_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == direct_access_cmd_digest_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == direct_access_address_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == direct_access_wdata_0_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == direct_access_wdata_1_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == check_trigger_regwen_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == check_trigger_integrity_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == check_trigger_consistency_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == check_regwen_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == check_timeout_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == integrity_check_period_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == consistency_check_period_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == vendor_test_read_lock_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == creator_sw_cfg_read_lock_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == owner_sw_cfg_read_lock_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == unused_wdata
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == unused_be
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == tl_i
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == tl_win_o
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == tl_reg_h2d
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == wr_attr_error
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == instr_error
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == wr_vld_error
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == unused_tl_i_int
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == tl_i_int
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == reqfifo_wdata
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == sramreqfifo_wdata
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == reg2hw_intr_test_q_i
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == tl_h2d_i
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == tl_h2d_error
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == ext_voltage_io
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == gen_normal_fifo.storage
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == gen_normal_fifo.storage_rdata
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == gen_normal_fifo.rdata_int
lc_escalate_en_synced == lc_escalate_en
lc_escalate_en_synced == lc_en_o
tlul_part_sel_oh == otp_prim_ready
tlul_part_sel_oh == scrmbl_arb_req_ready
tlul_part_sel_oh == scan_rst_ni
tlul_part_sel_oh == scanmode_i
tlul_part_sel_oh == part_scrmbl_req_ready
tlul_part_sel_oh == unused_buf_data
tlul_part_sel_oh == gen_partitions[0].gen_unbuffered.unused_part_scrmbl_sigs
tlul_part_sel_oh == otp_alert_o
tlul_part_sel_oh == devmode_i
tlul_part_sel_oh == check_trigger_regwen_qs
tlul_part_sel_oh == check_regwen_qs
tlul_part_sel_oh == vendor_test_read_lock_qs
tlul_part_sel_oh == creator_sw_cfg_read_lock_qs
tlul_part_sel_oh == owner_sw_cfg_read_lock_qs
tlul_part_sel_oh == reg_steer
tlul_part_sel_oh == tl_reg_d2h
tlul_part_sel_oh == en_ifetch_i
tlul_part_sel_oh == error_det
tlul_part_sel_oh == error_internal
tlul_part_sel_oh == tlul_error
tlul_part_sel_oh == req_i
tlul_part_sel_oh == valid_o
tlul_part_sel_oh == gen_normal_case.gen_tree[1].gen_level[1].gen_nodes.sel
tlul_part_sel_oh == gen_normal_case.gen_tree[2].gen_level[1].gen_nodes.sel
tlul_part_sel_oh == gen_normal_case.gen_tree[2].gen_level[2].gen_nodes.sel
tlul_part_sel_oh == gen_normal_case.gen_tree[2].gen_level[3].gen_nodes.sel
tlul_part_sel_oh == otp_prog_busy_i
tlul_part_sel_oh == integ_cnt_zero
tlul_part_sel_oh == cnsty_cnt_zero
tlul_part_sel_oh == timeout_zero
tlul_part_sel_oh == integ_msk_zero
tlul_part_sel_oh == cnsty_msk_zero
tlul_part_sel_oh == req_chk_i
tlul_part_sel_oh == unused_req_chk
tlul_part_sel_oh == fips_o
tlul_part_sel_oh == fips_d
tlul_part_sel_oh == fips_q
tlul_part_sel_oh == gen_normal_case.gen_tree[3].gen_level[0].gen_nodes.sel
tlul_part_sel_oh == gen_normal_case.gen_tree[3].gen_level[1].gen_nodes.sel
tlul_part_sel_oh == gen_normal_case.gen_tree[3].gen_level[2].gen_nodes.sel
tlul_part_sel_oh == gen_normal_case.gen_tree[3].gen_level[3].gen_nodes.sel
tlul_part_sel_oh == gen_normal_case.gen_tree[3].gen_level[4].gen_nodes.sel
tlul_part_sel_oh == gen_normal_case.gen_tree[3].gen_level[5].gen_nodes.sel
tlul_part_sel_oh == gen_normal_case.gen_tree[3].gen_level[6].gen_nodes.sel
tlul_part_sel_oh == gen_normal_case.gen_tree[3].gen_level[7].gen_nodes.sel
tlul_part_sel_oh == gen_normal_case.gen_tree[4].gen_level[15].gen_leafs.gen_tie_off.unused_sigs
tlul_part_sel_oh == ready_o
tlul_part_sel_oh == otp_alert_src_o
tlul_part_sel_oh == gen_normal_fifo.empty
tlul_part_sel_oh == gen_normal_fifo.fifo_empty
tlul_part_sel_oh == gen_normal_fifo.under_rst
tlul_part_sel_oh == key_state_sel
tlul_part_sel_oh == idx_state_d
tlul_part_sel_oh == enc_idx_out
tlul_part_sel_oh == cnt_clr
tlul_part_sel_oh == otp_cmd_o
tlul_part_sel_oh == otp_size_o
tlul_part_sel_oh == part_sel_oh
tlul_part_sel_oh == data_clr
tlul_part_sel_oh == base_sel_d
tlul_part_sel_oh == base_sel_q
tlul_part_sel_oh == alert_nq
tlul_part_sel_oh == ping_n
tlul_part_sel_oh == ack_n
tlul_part_sel_oh == alert_nd
integ_chk_ack == cnsty_chk_ack
integ_chk_ack == dai_cmd
integ_chk_ack == integ_chk_ack_i
integ_chk_ack == cnsty_chk_ack_i
integ_chk_ack == dai_cmd_i
sram_data_key_seed == sram_data_key_seed_i
core_tl_o == tl_o
prim_tl_o == tl_d2h_error
prim_tl_o == tl_d2h_o
otp_ast_pwr_seq_h_i == pwr_seq_h_i
tl_win_d2h == prim_tl_d2h_gated
tl_win_d2h == tl_win_i
tl_win_d2h == tl_o_pre
tl_win_d2h == tl_o_int
tl_win_d2h == tl_out
tl_win_d2h == tl_d2h_i
tl_win_d2h == test_tl_o
part_access == part_access_pre
part_access_dai == part_access_i
lc_en == gen_buffs[0].lc_en_out
lc_en == gen_buffs[1].lc_en_out
lc_en == gen_buffs[2].lc_en_out
lc_en == gen_buffs[3].lc_en_out
lc_en == gen_buffs[4].lc_en_out
lc_en == gen_buffs[5].lc_en_out
lc_en == gen_buffs[6].lc_en_out
lc_en == gen_buffs[7].lc_en_out
lc_en == gen_buffs[8].lc_en_out
lc_en == gen_buffs[9].lc_en_out
lc_en == gen_buffs[10].lc_en_out
lc_en == gen_buffs[11].lc_en_out
lc_en == gen_buffs[12].lc_en_out
lc_en == lc_en_out
error_blanking_data == unused_data
error_blanking_data == d_data
error_blanking_data == data_o
error_instr_integ == error_data_integ
error_instr_integ == error_blanking_integ
error_instr_integ == data_intg
state_q == state_d
integ_mask == cnsty_mask
digest_state_d == enc_data_out
digest_state_d == enc_data_out_xor
key_out_q == key_out_d
nonce_out_d == nonce_out_q
mubi_i == mubi_o
mubi_i == gen_digest_write_lock.digest_locked
mubi_i == gen_digest_read_lock.digest_locked
mubi == mubi_int
mubi == mubi_out
init_locked == dout_locked_q
init_locked == dout_locked_d
access_o == access_pre
intr_otp_operation_done_o one of { "-1", "0" }
lc_creator_seed_sw_rw_en_i one of { "-1", "4" }
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == "-1"
lc_dft_en one of { "-1", "1092" }
lc_escalate_en_synced one of { "-1", "1200959900632132" }
tlul_part_sel_oh one of { "-1", "1" }
integ_chk_ack one of { "-1", "7" }
sram_data_key_seed one of { "-1", "177294864880298620563638643791125026013" }
core_tl_o one of { "-1", "4611967493404037800" }
prim_tl_o one of { "-1", "4611967493404040363" }
alert_rx_i one of { "-1", "1365" }
alert_tx_o one of { "-1", "21" }
otp_ast_pwr_seq_h_i one of { "-1", "2" }
otbn_otp_key_o one of { "-1", "5477049976260990844452462555705366641599183751325370442376" }
tl_win_d2h one of { "-1", "4611967493404033192" }
part_access one of { "-1", "200166098174805891005350180090414721385" }
part_access_dai one of { "-1", "200166098188787331449043886724569536150" }
obs_ctrl_i one of { "-1", "9" }
lc_en one of { "-1", "10" }
req_type_o one of { "-1", "15" }
error_blanking_data one of { "-1", "4294967295" }
error_instr_integ one of { "-1", "42" }
gen_normal_case.req_tree one of { "-1", "139" }
gen_normal_case.idx_tree one of { "-1", "34466326032832" }
lfsr_state one of { "-1", "1086805417934" }
state_q one of { "-1", "17" }
integ_mask one of { "-1", "255" }
gen_normal_case.sel_tree one of { "-1", "5" }
lc_en_buf one of { "-1", "279620" }
digest_state_d one of { "-1", "18446744069414584320" }
dec_data_out one of { "-1", "6148914691236517205" }
dec_key_out one of { "-1", "48999163945790996480" }
enc_key_out one of { "-1", "271162511140122838072376640297190293504" }
dec_idx_out one of { "-1", "31" }
otp_digest_const_mux one of { "-1", "44673164092574283952150430148380433694" }
otp_enc_key_mux one of { "-1", "155501549707994824700277730530708804747" }
otp_dec_key_mux one of { "-1", "79342881490939533593813278354960818731" }
otp_digest_iv_mux one of { "-1", "16915408087132840954" }
digest_addr_lut one of { "-1", "1205329754836268191494172" }
Info one of { "-1", "1587555329" }
PartInfoDefault one of { "-1", "32640" }
key_out_q one of { "-1", "148455737076846169029564980317182413009" }
nonce_out_d one of { "-1", "337256015343853178630420519502192652612" }
mubi_i one of { "-1", "65" }
mubi one of { "-1", "105" }
init_locked one of { "-1", "20" }
access_i one of { "-1", "26985" }
access_o one of { "-1", "38550" }
===========================================================================
..tick():::EXIT
otp_obs_o == intg_error
otp_obs_o == tlul_req
otp_obs_o == tlul_addr
otp_obs_o == part_tlul_rerror
otp_obs_o == dai_prog_idle
otp_obs_o == lci_prog_idle
otp_obs_o == part_error
otp_obs_o == otp_operation_done
otp_obs_o == lfsr_edn_ack
otp_obs_o == edn_req
otp_obs_o == part_otp_arb_req
otp_obs_o == otp_arb_idx
otp_obs_o == part_otp_err
otp_obs_o == part_otp_rdata
otp_obs_o == otp_rvalid
otp_obs_o == otp_test_vect
otp_obs_o == otp_fifo_valid
otp_obs_o == otp_part_idx
otp_obs_o == part_scrmbl_mtx_req
otp_obs_o == scrmbl_mtx_idx
otp_obs_o == scrmbl_mtx_valid
otp_obs_o == part_scrmbl_rsp_data
otp_obs_o == scrmbl_arb_rsp_valid
otp_obs_o == part_init_req
otp_obs_o == part_init_done
otp_obs_o == pwr_otp_req_synced
otp_obs_o == pwr_otp_rsp_d
otp_obs_o == rst_edn_ni
otp_obs_o == scan_en_i
otp_obs_o == cio_test_o
otp_obs_o == cio_test_en_o
otp_obs_o == lc_escalate_en_any
otp_obs_o == tlul_gnt
otp_obs_o == tlul_rvalid
otp_obs_o == tlul_rerror
otp_obs_o == tlul_rdata
otp_obs_o == tlul_part_idx
otp_obs_o == tlul_oob_err_d
otp_obs_o == tlul_oob_err_q
otp_obs_o == part_tlul_req
otp_obs_o == part_tlul_addr
otp_obs_o == unused_digest
otp_obs_o == dai_req
otp_obs_o == dai_addr
otp_obs_o == dai_wdata
otp_obs_o == otp_idle_d
otp_obs_o == otp_idle_q
otp_obs_o == part_errors_reduced
otp_obs_o == edn_i
otp_obs_o == pwr_otp_o
otp_obs_o == lc_otp_vendor_test_o
otp_obs_o == lc_otp_program_o
otp_obs_o == flash_otp_key_i
otp_obs_o == otbn_otp_key_i
otp_obs_o == otp_arb_bundle
otp_obs_o == prim_tl_h2d_gated
otp_obs_o == scrmbl_req_bundle
otp_obs_o == reg_we_check
otp_obs_o == err_q
otp_obs_o == intr_enable_we
otp_obs_o == intr_test_we
otp_obs_o == status_re
otp_obs_o == status_vendor_test_error_qs
otp_obs_o == status_creator_sw_cfg_error_qs
otp_obs_o == status_owner_sw_cfg_error_qs
otp_obs_o == status_hw_cfg_error_qs
otp_obs_o == status_secret0_error_qs
otp_obs_o == status_secret1_error_qs
otp_obs_o == status_secret2_error_qs
otp_obs_o == status_life_cycle_error_qs
otp_obs_o == status_dai_error_qs
otp_obs_o == status_lci_error_qs
otp_obs_o == status_timeout_error_qs
otp_obs_o == status_lfsr_fsm_error_qs
otp_obs_o == status_scrambling_fsm_error_qs
otp_obs_o == status_key_deriv_fsm_error_qs
otp_obs_o == err_code_err_code_2_qs
otp_obs_o == err_code_err_code_3_qs
otp_obs_o == err_code_err_code_4_qs
otp_obs_o == err_code_err_code_5_qs
otp_obs_o == err_code_err_code_6_qs
otp_obs_o == err_code_err_code_7_qs
otp_obs_o == err_code_err_code_8_qs
otp_obs_o == err_code_err_code_9_qs
otp_obs_o == direct_access_regwen_re
otp_obs_o == owner_sw_cfg_read_lock_we
otp_obs_o == vendor_test_digest_0_qs
otp_obs_o == vendor_test_digest_1_re
otp_obs_o == vendor_test_digest_1_qs
otp_obs_o == creator_sw_cfg_digest_0_re
otp_obs_o == creator_sw_cfg_digest_0_qs
otp_obs_o == creator_sw_cfg_digest_1_re
otp_obs_o == creator_sw_cfg_digest_1_qs
otp_obs_o == owner_sw_cfg_digest_0_re
otp_obs_o == owner_sw_cfg_digest_0_qs
otp_obs_o == owner_sw_cfg_digest_1_re
otp_obs_o == owner_sw_cfg_digest_1_qs
otp_obs_o == hw_cfg_digest_0_re
otp_obs_o == hw_cfg_digest_0_qs
otp_obs_o == hw_cfg_digest_1_re
otp_obs_o == hw_cfg_digest_1_qs
otp_obs_o == secret0_digest_0_re
otp_obs_o == secret0_digest_0_qs
otp_obs_o == secret0_digest_1_re
otp_obs_o == secret0_digest_1_qs
otp_obs_o == secret1_digest_0_re
otp_obs_o == secret1_digest_0_qs
otp_obs_o == secret1_digest_1_re
otp_obs_o == secret1_digest_1_qs
otp_obs_o == secret2_digest_0_re
otp_obs_o == secret2_digest_0_qs
otp_obs_o == secret2_digest_1_re
otp_obs_o == secret2_digest_1_qs
otp_obs_o == intr_test_qe
otp_obs_o == intr_test_flds_we
otp_obs_o == alert_test_qe
otp_obs_o == alert_test_flds_we
otp_obs_o == direct_access_cmd_qe
otp_obs_o == direct_access_cmd_flds_we
otp_obs_o == integrity_check_period_gated_we
otp_obs_o == consistency_check_period_gated_we
otp_obs_o == vendor_test_read_lock_gated_we
otp_obs_o == creator_sw_cfg_read_lock_gated_we
otp_obs_o == owner_sw_cfg_read_lock_gated_we
otp_obs_o == req_o
otp_obs_o == gnt_i
otp_obs_o == we_o
otp_obs_o == addr_o
otp_obs_o == wdata_o
otp_obs_o == wmask_o
otp_obs_o == rdata_i
otp_obs_o == rvalid_i
otp_obs_o == rerror_i
otp_obs_o == reqfifo_rvalid
otp_obs_o == rspfifo_rvalid
otp_obs_o == sramreqfifo_rready
otp_obs_o == rspfifo_wvalid
otp_obs_o == rspfifo_rready
otp_obs_o == gen_normal_case.gen_no_dataport.unused_data
otp_obs_o == pwr_seq_o
otp_obs_o == test_ctrl_i
otp_obs_o == test_status_o
otp_obs_o == test_vect_o
otp_obs_o == valid_i
otp_obs_o == size_i
otp_obs_o == cmd_i
otp_obs_o == addr_i
otp_obs_o == wdata_i
otp_obs_o == rdata_o
otp_obs_o == test_tl_i
otp_obs_o == clr_i
otp_obs_o == wvalid_i
otp_obs_o == rvalid_o
otp_obs_o == depth_o
otp_obs_o == rready_i
otp_obs_o == full_o
otp_obs_o == gen_normal_fifo.fifo_wptr
otp_obs_o == gen_normal_fifo.fifo_rptr
otp_obs_o == gen_normal_fifo.fifo_incr_wptr
otp_obs_o == gen_normal_fifo.fifo_incr_rptr
otp_obs_o == gen_normal_fifo.full
otp_obs_o == gen_normal_fifo.wptr_msb
otp_obs_o == gen_normal_fifo.rptr_msb
otp_obs_o == gen_normal_fifo.wptr_value
otp_obs_o == gen_normal_fifo.rptr_value
otp_obs_o == mode_i
otp_obs_o == sel_i
otp_obs_o == data_i
otp_obs_o == cnt
otp_obs_o == cnt_err
otp_obs_o == idx_state_q
otp_obs_o == key_state_d
otp_obs_o == key_state_q
otp_obs_o == data_state_d
otp_obs_o == data_state_q
otp_obs_o == digest_state_q
otp_obs_o == digest_init
otp_obs_o == data_state_sel
otp_obs_o == data_state_en
otp_obs_o == digest_state_en
otp_obs_o == key_state_en
otp_obs_o == digest_mode_d
otp_obs_o == digest_mode_q
otp_obs_o == cnt_en
otp_obs_o == valid_d
otp_obs_o == valid_q
otp_obs_o == q_o
otp_obs_o == init_done_o
otp_obs_o == part_init_req_o
otp_obs_o == part_init_done_i
otp_obs_o == error_o
otp_obs_o == dai_addr_i
otp_obs_o == dai_req_i
otp_obs_o == dai_wdata_i
otp_obs_o == dai_idle_o
otp_obs_o == dai_rdata_o
otp_obs_o == otp_req_o
otp_obs_o == otp_wdata_o
otp_obs_o == otp_addr_o
otp_obs_o == otp_rvalid_i
otp_obs_o == otp_rdata_i
otp_obs_o == otp_err_i
otp_obs_o == scrmbl_mtx_req_o
otp_obs_o == scrmbl_mtx_gnt_i
otp_obs_o == scrmbl_mode_o
otp_obs_o == scrmbl_sel_o
otp_obs_o == scrmbl_data_o
otp_obs_o == scrmbl_valid_o
otp_obs_o == scrmbl_ready_i
otp_obs_o == scrmbl_valid_i
otp_obs_o == scrmbl_data_i
otp_obs_o == part_idx
otp_obs_o == init_req_i
otp_obs_o == dai_prog_idle_o
otp_obs_o == dai_cmd_done_o
otp_obs_o == otp_gnt_i
otp_obs_o == error_d
otp_obs_o == error_q
otp_obs_o == data_en
otp_obs_o == data_sel
otp_obs_o == data_q
otp_obs_o == addr_base
otp_obs_o == addr_calc
otp_obs_o == lci_en_i
otp_obs_o == lc_ack_o
otp_obs_o == lc_err_o
otp_obs_o == lci_prog_idle_o
otp_obs_o == lc_req_i
otp_obs_o == unused_rdata
otp_obs_o == kdi_en_i
otp_obs_o == scrmbl_key_seed_valid_i
otp_obs_o == gnt
otp_obs_o == req_valid
otp_obs_o == seed_cnt_err
otp_obs_o == entropy_cnt_err
otp_obs_o == seed_cnt
otp_obs_o == entropy_cnt
otp_obs_o == req
otp_obs_o == req_ready
otp_obs_o == seed_cnt_clr
otp_obs_o == seed_cnt_en
otp_obs_o == entropy_cnt_clr
otp_obs_o == entropy_cnt_en
otp_obs_o == seed_valid_reg_en
otp_obs_o == key_reg_en
otp_obs_o == nonce_reg_en
otp_obs_o == seed_valid_d
otp_obs_o == seed_valid_q
otp_obs_o == edn_req_d
otp_obs_o == edn_req_q
otp_obs_o == alert_test_i
otp_obs_o == alert_req_i
otp_obs_o == alert_state_o
otp_obs_o == ping_sigint
otp_obs_o == ping_event
otp_obs_o == ack_sigint
otp_obs_o == ack_level
otp_obs_o == alert_pq
otp_obs_o == alert_set_q
otp_obs_o == ping_set_q
otp_obs_o == alert_ack_o
otp_obs_o == ping_p
otp_obs_o == ack_p
otp_obs_o == alert_pd
otp_obs_o == sigint_detected
otp_obs_o == alert_set_d
otp_obs_o == alert_clr
otp_obs_o == alert_test_set_d
otp_obs_o == alert_test_set_q
otp_obs_o == ping_set_d
otp_obs_o == ping_clr
otp_obs_o == alert_req_trigger
otp_obs_o == alert_test_trigger
otp_obs_o == ping_trigger
otp_obs_o == alert_req
otp_obs_o == alert_trigger
otp_obs_o == digest_o
otp_obs_o == tlul_req_i
otp_obs_o == tlul_gnt_o
otp_obs_o == tlul_addr_i
otp_obs_o == tlul_rerror_o
otp_obs_o == tlul_rvalid_o
otp_obs_o == tlul_rdata_o
otp_obs_o == ecc_err
otp_obs_o == otp_addr_sel
otp_obs_o == digest_reg_en
otp_obs_o == tlul_addr_d
otp_obs_o == tlul_addr_q
otp_obs_o == pending_tlul_error_d
otp_obs_o == pending_tlul_error_q
otp_obs_o == gen_unused.unused_bits
otp_obs_o == integ_chk_ack_o
otp_obs_o == cnsty_chk_ack_o
otp_obs_o == integ_chk_req_i
otp_obs_o == cnsty_chk_req_i
otp_obs_o == base_sel
otp_obs_o == buffer_reg_en
otp_obs_o == data_mux
lc_seed_hw_rd_en_i == lc_dft_en_i
lc_seed_hw_rd_en_i == lc_check_byp_en_i
lc_seed_hw_rd_en_i == lc_creator_seed_sw_rw_en
lc_seed_hw_rd_en_i == scrmbl_cmd_o
lc_seed_hw_rd_en_i == gen_no_flops.unused_logic
lc_seed_hw_rd_en_i == check_byp_en_i
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == tl_win_h2d
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == reg2hw
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == intr_state_otp_operation_done_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == intr_state_otp_error_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == intr_enable_otp_error_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == intr_test_otp_operation_done_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == intr_test_otp_error_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == alert_test_fatal_check_error_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == alert_test_fatal_bus_integ_error_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == owner_sw_cfg_read_lock_wd
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == unused_wdata
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == tl_i
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == tl_win_o
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == tl_reg_h2d
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == tl_h2d_error
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == ext_voltage_io
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == gen_normal_fifo.storage
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == gen_normal_fifo.storage_rdata
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == gen_normal_fifo.rdata_int
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(intr_otp_operation_done_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(intr_otp_error_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(otp_obs_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(intg_error)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(tlul_req)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(tlul_addr)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(part_tlul_gnt)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(part_tlul_rvalid)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(part_tlul_rerror)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(dai_idle)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(dai_rdata)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(dai_prog_idle)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(lci_prog_idle)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(part_error)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(part_fsm_err)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(otp_operation_done)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(chk_pending)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(chk_timeout)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(lfsr_fsm_err)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(scrmbl_fsm_err)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(integ_chk_req)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(cnsty_chk_req)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(lfsr_edn_req)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(lfsr_edn_ack)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(edn_data)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(edn_req)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(edn_ack)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(key_edn_req)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(key_edn_ack)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(part_otp_arb_req)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(part_otp_arb_gnt)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(otp_arb_valid)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(otp_rsp_fifo_ready)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(otp_arb_idx)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(part_otp_err)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(part_otp_rdata)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(otp_rvalid)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(otp_test_vect)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(otp_fifo_valid)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(otp_part_idx)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(part_scrmbl_mtx_req)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(scrmbl_mtx_idx)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(scrmbl_mtx_valid)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(part_scrmbl_rsp_data)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(scrmbl_arb_rsp_valid)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(part_init_req)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(part_init_done)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(pwr_otp_req_synced)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(pwr_otp_rsp_d)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(rst_ni)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(rst_edn_ni)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(scan_en_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(cio_test_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(cio_test_en_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(lc_escalate_en_any)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(tlul_gnt)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(tlul_rvalid)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(tlul_rerror)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(tlul_rdata)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(tlul_part_idx)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(tlul_oob_err_d)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(tlul_oob_err_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(part_tlul_req)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(part_tlul_addr)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(unused_digest)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(dai_req)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(dai_addr)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(dai_wdata)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(otp_idle_d)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(otp_idle_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(part_errors_reduced)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(otp_error)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(fatal_macro_error_d)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(fatal_macro_error_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(fatal_check_error_d)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(fatal_check_error_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(fatal_bus_integ_error_d)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(fatal_bus_integ_error_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(interrupt_triggers_d)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(interrupt_triggers_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(alerts)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(alert_test)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(integ_chk_trig)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(cnsty_chk_trig)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(otp_arb_ready)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(otp_prim_valid)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(otp_rsp_fifo_valid)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(part_otp_rvalid)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(part_scrmbl_mtx_gnt)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(part_scrmbl_rsp_valid)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(pwr_otp_rsp_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(unused_lci_scrmbl_sigs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(scrmbl_key_seed_valid)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(unused_kdi_otp_sigs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_partitions[1].gen_unbuffered.unused_part_scrmbl_sigs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_partitions[2].gen_unbuffered.unused_part_scrmbl_sigs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_partitions[3].gen_buffered.unused_part_tlul_sigs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_partitions[4].gen_buffered.unused_part_tlul_sigs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_partitions[5].gen_buffered.unused_part_tlul_sigs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_partitions[6].gen_buffered.unused_part_tlul_sigs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_partitions[7].gen_lifecycle.unused_part_tlul_sigs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_partitions[7].gen_lifecycle.unused_part_scrmbl_sigs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(edn_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(edn_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(otp_ast_pwr_seq_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(pwr_otp_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(pwr_otp_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(lc_otp_vendor_test_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(lc_otp_vendor_test_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(lc_otp_program_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(flash_otp_key_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(sram_otp_key_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(otbn_otp_key_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(otp_arb_bundle)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(prim_tl_h2d_gated)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(scrmbl_req_bundle)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(reg_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(reg_re)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(intr_state_otp_operation_done_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(intr_state_otp_error_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(intr_enable_otp_operation_done_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(intr_enable_otp_error_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(direct_access_address_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(direct_access_wdata_0_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(direct_access_wdata_1_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(check_timeout_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(integrity_check_period_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(consistency_check_period_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(intg_err_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(reg_error)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(addrmiss)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(wr_err)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(reg_busy)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(intg_err)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(reg_we_err)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(reg_we_check)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(err_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(intr_state_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(intr_enable_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(intr_test_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(alert_test_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(status_re)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(status_vendor_test_error_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(status_creator_sw_cfg_error_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(status_owner_sw_cfg_error_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(status_hw_cfg_error_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(status_secret0_error_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(status_secret1_error_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(status_secret2_error_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(status_life_cycle_error_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(status_dai_error_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(status_lci_error_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(status_timeout_error_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(status_lfsr_fsm_error_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(status_scrambling_fsm_error_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(status_key_deriv_fsm_error_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(status_bus_integ_error_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(status_dai_idle_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(status_check_pending_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(err_code_re)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(err_code_err_code_0_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(err_code_err_code_1_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(err_code_err_code_2_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(err_code_err_code_3_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(err_code_err_code_4_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(err_code_err_code_5_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(err_code_err_code_6_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(err_code_err_code_7_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(err_code_err_code_8_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(err_code_err_code_9_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(direct_access_regwen_re)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(direct_access_regwen_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(direct_access_cmd_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(direct_access_address_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(direct_access_wdata_0_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(direct_access_wdata_1_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(direct_access_rdata_0_re)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(direct_access_rdata_0_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(direct_access_rdata_1_re)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(direct_access_rdata_1_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(check_trigger_regwen_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(check_trigger_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(check_regwen_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(check_timeout_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(integrity_check_period_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(consistency_check_period_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(vendor_test_read_lock_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(creator_sw_cfg_read_lock_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(owner_sw_cfg_read_lock_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(vendor_test_digest_0_re)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(vendor_test_digest_0_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(vendor_test_digest_1_re)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(vendor_test_digest_1_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(creator_sw_cfg_digest_0_re)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(creator_sw_cfg_digest_0_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(creator_sw_cfg_digest_1_re)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(creator_sw_cfg_digest_1_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(owner_sw_cfg_digest_0_re)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(owner_sw_cfg_digest_0_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(owner_sw_cfg_digest_1_re)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(owner_sw_cfg_digest_1_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(hw_cfg_digest_0_re)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(hw_cfg_digest_0_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(hw_cfg_digest_1_re)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(hw_cfg_digest_1_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(secret0_digest_0_re)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(secret0_digest_0_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(secret0_digest_1_re)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(secret0_digest_1_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(secret1_digest_0_re)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(secret1_digest_0_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(secret1_digest_1_re)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(secret1_digest_1_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(secret2_digest_0_re)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(secret2_digest_0_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(secret2_digest_1_re)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(secret2_digest_1_qs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(intr_test_qe)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(intr_test_flds_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(alert_test_qe)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(alert_test_flds_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(direct_access_cmd_qe)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(direct_access_cmd_flds_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(direct_access_cmd_gated_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(direct_access_address_gated_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(direct_access_wdata_0_gated_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(direct_access_wdata_1_gated_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(check_trigger_qe)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(check_trigger_flds_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(check_trigger_gated_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(check_timeout_gated_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(integrity_check_period_gated_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(consistency_check_period_gated_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(vendor_test_read_lock_gated_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(creator_sw_cfg_read_lock_gated_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(owner_sw_cfg_read_lock_gated_we)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(req_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gnt_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(we_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(addr_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(wdata_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(wmask_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(rdata_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(rvalid_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(rerror_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(reqfifo_wready)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(reqfifo_rvalid)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(sramreqfifo_wready)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(rspfifo_wready)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(rspfifo_rvalid)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(intg_error_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(rd_vld_error)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(intg_error_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(reqfifo_wvalid)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(reqfifo_rready)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(sramreqfifo_wvalid)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(sramreqfifo_rready)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(rspfifo_wvalid)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(rspfifo_rready)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(a_ack)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(d_ack)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(sram_ack)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(d_valid)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(d_error)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(vld_rd_rsp)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(unused_instr)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(woffset)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(wmask_combined)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(wdata_combined)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(wmask_int)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(wdata_int)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(wmask_intg)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(wdata_intg)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(rdata_reshaped)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(rdata_tlword)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(unused_rerror)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_write_output[0].gen_ft_output.unused_w)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_rmask.rmask)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(reqfifo_rdata)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(sramreqfifo_rdata)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(rspfifo_rdata)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(rspfifo_wdata)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gnt_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(idx_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(ready_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_normal_case.gnt_tree)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_normal_case.gen_tree[0].gen_level[0].gen_nodes.sel)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_normal_case.gen_tree[1].gen_level[0].gen_nodes.sel)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_normal_case.gen_tree[2].gen_level[0].gen_nodes.sel)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_normal_case.gen_no_dataport.unused_data)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(event_intr_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(reg2hw_intr_enable_q_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(reg2hw_intr_test_qe_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(reg2hw_intr_state_q_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(hw2reg_intr_state_de_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(hw2reg_intr_state_d_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(intr_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(new_event)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(edn_req_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(edn_data_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(timer_en_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(integ_chk_trig_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(cnsty_chk_trig_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(chk_pending_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(timeout_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(integ_period_msk_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(cnsty_period_msk_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(integ_chk_req_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(cnsty_chk_req_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(chk_timeout_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(lfsr_err)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(integ_cnt)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(cnsty_cnt)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(integ_cnt_err)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(cnsty_cnt_err)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(edn_ack_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(fsm_err_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(reseed_en)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(lfsr_en)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(reseed_cnt_d)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(reseed_cnt_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(entropy)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(unused_seed)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(integ_cnt_set_val)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(cnsty_cnt_set_val)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(integ_set_period)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(integ_set_timeout)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(cnsty_set_period)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(cnsty_set_timeout)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(integ_cnt_set)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(cnsty_cnt_set)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(cnsty_cnt_pause)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(set_all_integ_reqs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(set_all_cnsty_reqs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(integ_chk_req_d)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(integ_chk_req_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(cnsty_chk_req_d)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(cnsty_chk_req_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(clr_integ_chk_trig)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(clr_cnsty_chk_trig)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(integ_chk_trig_d)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(integ_chk_trig_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(cnsty_chk_trig_d)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(cnsty_chk_trig_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(chk_timeout_d)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(chk_timeout_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_normal_case.prio_tree)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_normal_case.mask_tree)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_normal_case.data_tree)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_normal_case.prio_mask_d)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_normal_case.prio_mask_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_normal_case.unused_prio_tree)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(ack_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(word_ack)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(word_data)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(word_fips)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(err_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(word_req)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_normal_case.gen_tree[4].gen_level[11].gen_leafs.gen_tie_off.unused_sigs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_normal_case.gen_tree[4].gen_level[12].gen_leafs.gen_tie_off.unused_sigs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_normal_case.gen_tree[4].gen_level[13].gen_leafs.gen_tie_off.unused_sigs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_normal_case.gen_tree[4].gen_level[14].gen_leafs.gen_tie_off.unused_sigs)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(tl_h2d_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(pwr_seq_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(test_ctrl_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(test_status_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(test_vect_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(valid_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(size_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(cmd_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(addr_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(wdata_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(rdata_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(test_tl_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(clr_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(wvalid_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(wready_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(rvalid_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(depth_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(rready_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(full_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_normal_fifo.fifo_wptr)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_normal_fifo.fifo_rptr)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_normal_fifo.fifo_incr_wptr)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_normal_fifo.fifo_incr_rptr)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_normal_fifo.full)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_normal_fifo.wptr_msb)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_normal_fifo.rptr_msb)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_normal_fifo.wptr_value)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_normal_fifo.rptr_value)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(mode_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(sel_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(data_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(cnt)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(cnt_err)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(idx_state_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(key_state_d)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(key_state_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(data_state_d)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(data_state_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(digest_state_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(digest_init)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(data_state_sel)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(data_state_en)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(digest_state_en)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(key_state_en)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(digest_mode_d)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(digest_mode_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(cnt_en)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(valid_d)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(valid_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(d_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(q_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(intq)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(d_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(init_done_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(part_init_req_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(part_init_done_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(error_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(dai_addr_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(dai_req_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(dai_wdata_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(dai_idle_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(dai_rdata_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(otp_req_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(otp_wdata_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(otp_addr_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(otp_rvalid_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(otp_rdata_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(otp_err_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(scrmbl_mtx_req_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(scrmbl_mtx_gnt_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(scrmbl_mode_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(scrmbl_sel_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(scrmbl_data_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(scrmbl_valid_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(scrmbl_ready_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(scrmbl_valid_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(scrmbl_data_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(part_idx)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(init_req_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(dai_prog_idle_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(dai_cmd_done_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(otp_gnt_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(error_d)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(error_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(data_en)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(data_sel)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(data_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(addr_base)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(addr_calc)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(lci_en_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(lc_ack_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(lc_err_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(lci_prog_idle_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(lc_req_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(unused_rdata)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(kdi_en_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(scrmbl_key_seed_valid_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gnt)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(req_valid)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(seed_cnt_err)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(entropy_cnt_err)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(seed_cnt)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(entropy_cnt)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(req)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(req_ready)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(seed_cnt_clr)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(seed_cnt_en)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(entropy_cnt_clr)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(entropy_cnt_en)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(seed_valid_reg_en)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(key_reg_en)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(nonce_reg_en)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(seed_valid_d)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(seed_valid_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(edn_req_d)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(edn_req_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(alert_test_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(alert_req_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(alert_state_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(ping_sigint)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(ping_event)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(ack_sigint)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(ack_level)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(alert_pq)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(alert_set_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(ping_set_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(alert_ack_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(ping_p)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(ack_p)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(alert_pd)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(sigint_detected)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(alert_set_d)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(alert_clr)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(alert_test_set_d)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(alert_test_set_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(ping_set_d)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(ping_clr)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(alert_req_trigger)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(alert_test_trigger)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(ping_trigger)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(alert_req)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(alert_trigger)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(digest_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(tlul_req_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(tlul_gnt_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(tlul_addr_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(tlul_rerror_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(tlul_rvalid_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(tlul_rdata_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(ecc_err)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(otp_addr_sel)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(digest_reg_en)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(tlul_addr_d)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(tlul_addr_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(pending_tlul_error_d)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(pending_tlul_error_q)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(gen_unused.unused_bits)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(integ_chk_ack_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(cnsty_chk_ack_o)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(integ_chk_req_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(cnsty_chk_req_i)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(base_sel)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(buffer_reg_en)
otp_ext_voltage_h_io == orig(data_mux)
lc_seed_hw_rd_en == test_tokens_valid
lc_seed_hw_rd_en == rma_token_valid
lc_seed_hw_rd_en == secrets_valid
part_tlul_rvalid == otp_arb_valid
dai_idle == dai_rdata
dai_idle == part_otp_arb_gnt
dai_idle == otp_rsp_fifo_ready
dai_idle == rst_ni
dai_idle == otp_arb_ready
dai_idle == pwr_otp_i
dai_idle == sram_otp_key_i
dai_idle == reqfifo_wready
dai_idle == sramreqfifo_wready
dai_idle == rspfifo_wready
dai_idle == wready_o
dai_idle == d_i
dai_idle == intq
dai_idle == d_o
chk_pending == chk_timeout
chk_pending == lfsr_fsm_err
chk_pending == scrmbl_fsm_err
chk_pending == integ_chk_req
chk_pending == reg_we
chk_pending == reg_re
chk_pending == intr_state_otp_operation_done_qs
chk_pending == intr_state_otp_error_qs
chk_pending == intr_enable_otp_operation_done_qs
chk_pending == intr_enable_otp_error_qs
chk_pending == direct_access_address_qs
chk_pending == direct_access_wdata_0_qs
chk_pending == direct_access_wdata_1_qs
chk_pending == check_timeout_qs
chk_pending == integrity_check_period_qs
chk_pending == consistency_check_period_qs
chk_pending == intg_err_o
chk_pending == reg_error
chk_pending == addrmiss
chk_pending == wr_err
chk_pending == reg_busy
chk_pending == intg_err
chk_pending == reg_we_err
cnsty_chk_ack == dai_cmd
cnsty_chk_ack == dai_cmd_i
key_edn_ack == otp_error
key_edn_ack == fatal_macro_error_d
key_edn_ack == fatal_macro_error_q
key_edn_ack == fatal_check_error_d
key_edn_ack == fatal_check_error_q
key_edn_ack == fatal_bus_integ_error_d
key_edn_ack == fatal_bus_integ_error_q
key_edn_ack == interrupt_triggers_d
key_edn_ack == interrupt_triggers_q
key_edn_ack == alerts
key_edn_ack == alert_test
key_edn_ack == integ_chk_trig
key_edn_ack == cnsty_chk_trig
key_edn_ack == otp_prim_valid
key_edn_ack == otp_rsp_fifo_valid
key_edn_ack == part_otp_rvalid
key_edn_ack == part_scrmbl_mtx_gnt
key_edn_ack == part_scrmbl_rsp_valid
key_edn_ack == pwr_otp_rsp_q
key_edn_ack == unused_lci_scrmbl_sigs
key_edn_ack == scrmbl_key_seed_valid
key_edn_ack == unused_kdi_otp_sigs
key_edn_ack == gen_partitions[1].gen_unbuffered.unused_part_scrmbl_sigs
key_edn_ack == gen_partitions[2].gen_unbuffered.unused_part_scrmbl_sigs
key_edn_ack == gen_partitions[3].gen_buffered.unused_part_tlul_sigs
key_edn_ack == gen_partitions[4].gen_buffered.unused_part_tlul_sigs
key_edn_ack == gen_partitions[5].gen_buffered.unused_part_tlul_sigs
key_edn_ack == gen_partitions[6].gen_buffered.unused_part_tlul_sigs
key_edn_ack == gen_partitions[7].gen_lifecycle.unused_part_tlul_sigs
key_edn_ack == gen_partitions[7].gen_lifecycle.unused_part_scrmbl_sigs
key_edn_ack == edn_o
key_edn_ack == otp_ast_pwr_seq_o
key_edn_ack == lc_otp_vendor_test_i
key_edn_ack == intr_state_we
key_edn_ack == alert_test_we
key_edn_ack == status_bus_integ_error_qs
key_edn_ack == status_dai_idle_qs
key_edn_ack == status_check_pending_qs
key_edn_ack == err_code_re
key_edn_ack == err_code_err_code_0_qs
key_edn_ack == err_code_err_code_1_qs
key_edn_ack == vendor_test_digest_0_re
key_edn_ack == direct_access_cmd_gated_we
key_edn_ack == direct_access_address_gated_we
key_edn_ack == direct_access_wdata_0_gated_we
key_edn_ack == direct_access_wdata_1_gated_we
key_edn_ack == check_trigger_qe
key_edn_ack == check_trigger_flds_we
key_edn_ack == check_trigger_gated_we
key_edn_ack == check_timeout_gated_we
otp_prim_ready == scrmbl_arb_req_ready
otp_prim_ready == scan_rst_ni
otp_prim_ready == scanmode_i
otp_prim_ready == otp_alert_o
otp_prim_ready == devmode_i
otp_prim_ready == tl_reg_d2h
otp_prim_ready == en_ifetch_i
otp_prim_ready == ready_o
otp_prim_ready == otp_alert_src_o
otp_prim_ready == gen_normal_fifo.empty
otp_prim_ready == gen_normal_fifo.fifo_empty
otp_prim_ready == gen_normal_fifo.under_rst
otp_prim_ready == key_state_sel
otp_prim_ready == idx_state_d
otp_prim_ready == enc_idx_out
otp_prim_ready == cnt_clr
otp_prim_ready == otp_cmd_o
otp_prim_ready == otp_size_o
otp_prim_ready == part_sel_oh
otp_prim_ready == data_clr
otp_prim_ready == base_sel_d
otp_prim_ready == base_sel_q
otp_prim_ready == alert_nq
otp_prim_ready == ping_n
otp_prim_ready == ack_n
otp_prim_ready == alert_nd
lc_escalate_en == lc_en_o
part_scrmbl_req_ready == unused_buf_data
part_scrmbl_req_ready == gen_partitions[0].gen_unbuffered.unused_part_scrmbl_sigs
part_scrmbl_req_ready == reg_steer
core_tl_i == prim_tl_i
core_tl_i == alert_test_fatal_macro_error_wd
core_tl_i == unused_be
core_tl_i == orig(otp_ext_voltage_h_io)
core_tl_i == orig(core_tl_i)
core_tl_i == orig(prim_tl_i)
core_tl_i == orig(tl_win_h2d)
core_tl_i == orig(reg2hw)
core_tl_i == orig(reg_addr)
core_tl_i == orig(reg_wdata)
core_tl_i == orig(reg_be)
core_tl_i == orig(addr_hit)
core_tl_i == orig(reg_rdata)
core_tl_i == orig(reg_rdata_next)
core_tl_i == orig(intr_state_otp_operation_done_wd)
core_tl_i == orig(intr_state_otp_error_wd)
core_tl_i == orig(intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd)
core_tl_i == orig(intr_enable_otp_error_wd)
core_tl_i == orig(intr_test_otp_operation_done_wd)
core_tl_i == orig(intr_test_otp_error_wd)
core_tl_i == orig(alert_test_fatal_macro_error_wd)
core_tl_i == orig(alert_test_fatal_check_error_wd)
core_tl_i == orig(alert_test_fatal_bus_integ_error_wd)
core_tl_i == orig(direct_access_cmd_rd_wd)
core_tl_i == orig(direct_access_cmd_wr_wd)
core_tl_i == orig(direct_access_cmd_digest_wd)
core_tl_i == orig(direct_access_address_wd)
core_tl_i == orig(direct_access_wdata_0_wd)
core_tl_i == orig(direct_access_wdata_1_wd)
core_tl_i == orig(check_trigger_regwen_wd)
core_tl_i == orig(check_trigger_integrity_wd)
core_tl_i == orig(check_trigger_consistency_wd)
core_tl_i == orig(check_regwen_wd)
core_tl_i == orig(check_timeout_wd)
core_tl_i == orig(integrity_check_period_wd)
core_tl_i == orig(consistency_check_period_wd)
core_tl_i == orig(vendor_test_read_lock_wd)
core_tl_i == orig(creator_sw_cfg_read_lock_wd)
core_tl_i == orig(owner_sw_cfg_read_lock_wd)
core_tl_i == orig(unused_wdata)
core_tl_i == orig(unused_be)
core_tl_i == orig(tl_i)
core_tl_i == orig(tl_win_o)
core_tl_i == orig(tl_reg_h2d)
core_tl_i == orig(wr_attr_error)
core_tl_i == orig(instr_error)
core_tl_i == orig(wr_vld_error)
core_tl_i == orig(unused_tl_i_int)
core_tl_i == orig(tl_i_int)
core_tl_i == orig(reqfifo_wdata)
core_tl_i == orig(sramreqfifo_wdata)
core_tl_i == orig(reg2hw_intr_test_q_i)
core_tl_i == orig(tl_h2d_i)
core_tl_i == orig(tl_h2d_error)
core_tl_i == orig(ext_voltage_io)
core_tl_i == orig(gen_normal_fifo.storage)
core_tl_i == orig(gen_normal_fifo.storage_rdata)
core_tl_i == orig(gen_normal_fifo.rdata_int)
otp_ast_pwr_seq_h_i == pwr_seq_h_i
tl_win_d2h == prim_tl_d2h_gated
tl_win_d2h == tl_win_i
tl_win_d2h == tl_o_int
tl_win_d2h == tl_out
tl_win_d2h == tl_d2h_i
tl_win_d2h == test_tl_o
part_access == part_access_pre
part_access_dai == part_access_i
reg_addr == reg_wdata
reg_addr == reg_be
reg_addr == addr_hit
reg_addr == reg_rdata
reg_addr == reg_rdata_next
reg_addr == orig(lc_en)
reg_addr == orig(gen_buffs[0].lc_en_out)
reg_addr == orig(gen_buffs[1].lc_en_out)
reg_addr == orig(gen_buffs[2].lc_en_out)
reg_addr == orig(gen_buffs[3].lc_en_out)
reg_addr == orig(gen_buffs[4].lc_en_out)
reg_addr == orig(gen_buffs[5].lc_en_out)
reg_addr == orig(gen_buffs[6].lc_en_out)
reg_addr == orig(gen_buffs[7].lc_en_out)
reg_addr == orig(gen_buffs[8].lc_en_out)
reg_addr == orig(gen_buffs[9].lc_en_out)
reg_addr == orig(gen_buffs[10].lc_en_out)
reg_addr == orig(gen_buffs[11].lc_en_out)
reg_addr == orig(gen_buffs[12].lc_en_out)
reg_addr == orig(lc_en_out)
check_trigger_regwen_qs == check_regwen_qs
check_trigger_regwen_qs == vendor_test_read_lock_qs
check_trigger_regwen_qs == creator_sw_cfg_read_lock_qs
check_trigger_regwen_qs == owner_sw_cfg_read_lock_qs
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(tlul_part_sel_oh)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(otp_prim_ready)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(scrmbl_arb_req_ready)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(scan_rst_ni)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(scanmode_i)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(part_scrmbl_req_ready)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(unused_buf_data)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(gen_partitions[0].gen_unbuffered.unused_part_scrmbl_sigs)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(otp_alert_o)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(devmode_i)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(check_trigger_regwen_qs)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(check_regwen_qs)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(vendor_test_read_lock_qs)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(creator_sw_cfg_read_lock_qs)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(owner_sw_cfg_read_lock_qs)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(reg_steer)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(tl_reg_d2h)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(en_ifetch_i)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(error_det)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(error_internal)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(tlul_error)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(req_i)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(valid_o)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(gen_normal_case.gen_tree[1].gen_level[1].gen_nodes.sel)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(gen_normal_case.gen_tree[2].gen_level[1].gen_nodes.sel)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(gen_normal_case.gen_tree[2].gen_level[2].gen_nodes.sel)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(gen_normal_case.gen_tree[2].gen_level[3].gen_nodes.sel)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(otp_prog_busy_i)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(integ_cnt_zero)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(cnsty_cnt_zero)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(timeout_zero)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(integ_msk_zero)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(cnsty_msk_zero)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(req_chk_i)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(unused_req_chk)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(fips_o)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(fips_d)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(fips_q)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(gen_normal_case.gen_tree[3].gen_level[0].gen_nodes.sel)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(gen_normal_case.gen_tree[3].gen_level[1].gen_nodes.sel)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(gen_normal_case.gen_tree[3].gen_level[2].gen_nodes.sel)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(gen_normal_case.gen_tree[3].gen_level[3].gen_nodes.sel)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(gen_normal_case.gen_tree[3].gen_level[4].gen_nodes.sel)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(gen_normal_case.gen_tree[3].gen_level[5].gen_nodes.sel)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(gen_normal_case.gen_tree[3].gen_level[6].gen_nodes.sel)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(gen_normal_case.gen_tree[3].gen_level[7].gen_nodes.sel)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(gen_normal_case.gen_tree[4].gen_level[15].gen_leafs.gen_tie_off.unused_sigs)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(ready_o)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(otp_alert_src_o)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(gen_normal_fifo.empty)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(gen_normal_fifo.fifo_empty)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(gen_normal_fifo.under_rst)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(key_state_sel)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(idx_state_d)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(enc_idx_out)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(cnt_clr)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(otp_cmd_o)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(otp_size_o)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(part_sel_oh)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(data_clr)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(base_sel_d)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(base_sel_q)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(alert_nq)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(ping_n)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(ack_n)
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd == orig(alert_nd)
direct_access_regwen_qs == direct_access_cmd_we
direct_access_regwen_qs == check_trigger_we
direct_access_regwen_qs == intg_error_o
direct_access_regwen_qs == rd_vld_error
direct_access_regwen_qs == intg_error_q
direct_access_regwen_qs == reqfifo_wvalid
direct_access_regwen_qs == reqfifo_rready
direct_access_regwen_qs == sramreqfifo_wvalid
direct_access_cmd_rd_wd == direct_access_cmd_wr_wd
direct_access_cmd_rd_wd == check_trigger_regwen_wd
direct_access_cmd_rd_wd == check_trigger_integrity_wd
direct_access_cmd_rd_wd == check_trigger_consistency_wd
direct_access_cmd_rd_wd == wr_attr_error
direct_access_cmd_rd_wd == instr_error
direct_access_cmd_rd_wd == wr_vld_error
direct_access_cmd_rd_wd == unused_tl_i_int
direct_access_cmd_digest_wd == direct_access_address_wd
direct_access_cmd_digest_wd == direct_access_wdata_0_wd
direct_access_cmd_digest_wd == direct_access_wdata_1_wd
direct_access_cmd_digest_wd == check_regwen_wd
direct_access_cmd_digest_wd == check_timeout_wd
direct_access_cmd_digest_wd == integrity_check_period_wd
direct_access_cmd_digest_wd == consistency_check_period_wd
direct_access_cmd_digest_wd == vendor_test_read_lock_wd
direct_access_cmd_digest_wd == creator_sw_cfg_read_lock_wd
direct_access_cmd_digest_wd == orig(mubi)
direct_access_cmd_digest_wd == orig(mubi_int)
direct_access_cmd_digest_wd == orig(mubi_out)
direct_access_address_we == direct_access_wdata_0_we
direct_access_address_we == direct_access_wdata_1_we
direct_access_address_we == direct_access_rdata_0_re
direct_access_address_we == direct_access_rdata_0_qs
direct_access_address_we == direct_access_rdata_1_re
direct_access_address_we == direct_access_rdata_1_qs
direct_access_address_we == check_trigger_regwen_we
direct_access_address_we == check_regwen_we
direct_access_address_we == check_timeout_we
direct_access_address_we == integrity_check_period_we
direct_access_address_we == consistency_check_period_we
direct_access_address_we == vendor_test_read_lock_we
direct_access_address_we == creator_sw_cfg_read_lock_we
direct_access_address_we == timer_en_i
gen_buffs[0].lc_en_out == gen_buffs[1].lc_en_out
gen_buffs[0].lc_en_out == gen_buffs[2].lc_en_out
gen_buffs[0].lc_en_out == gen_buffs[3].lc_en_out
gen_buffs[0].lc_en_out == gen_buffs[5].lc_en_out
gen_buffs[0].lc_en_out == gen_buffs[6].lc_en_out
gen_buffs[0].lc_en_out == gen_buffs[7].lc_en_out
gen_buffs[0].lc_en_out == gen_buffs[8].lc_en_out
gen_buffs[0].lc_en_out == gen_buffs[9].lc_en_out
gen_buffs[0].lc_en_out == gen_buffs[10].lc_en_out
gen_buffs[0].lc_en_out == gen_buffs[11].lc_en_out
gen_buffs[0].lc_en_out == gen_buffs[12].lc_en_out
gen_buffs[0].lc_en_out == lc_en_out
error_det == error_internal
error_det == tlul_error
d_ack == wmask_intg
d_ack == gen_rmask.rmask
d_valid == d_error
d_valid == unused_rerror
wdata_combined == reqfifo_rdata
wdata_combined == ready_i
wdata_intg == gen_normal_case.gen_tree[2].gen_level[0].gen_nodes.sel
wdata_intg == fsm_err_o
rdata_tlword == lfsr_err
gen_write_output[0].gen_ft_output.unused_w == edn_data_i
gen_write_output[0].gen_ft_output.unused_w == cnsty_period_msk_i
rspfifo_rdata == hw2reg_intr_state_d_o
tl_i_int == sramreqfifo_wdata
reg2hw_intr_test_qe_i == integ_chk_trig_d
edn_req_o == cnsty_set_period
cnsty_chk_trig_i == integ_cnt_set
timeout_i == clr_integ_chk_trig
reseed_en == cnsty_chk_req_q
unused_seed == cnsty_cnt_pause
cnsty_cnt_set_val == tl_h2d_o
integ_set_period == integ_set_timeout
digest_state_d == enc_data_out
digest_state_d == enc_data_out_xor
key_out_q == key_out_d
nonce_out_d == nonce_out_q
mubi_i == mubi_o
mubi_i == gen_digest_write_lock.digest_locked
mubi_i == gen_digest_read_lock.digest_locked
mubi == mubi_int
mubi == mubi_out
init_locked == dout_locked_q
init_locked == dout_locked_d
access_o == access_pre
intr_otp_operation_done_o one of { "0", "340282366920938463463374607431768211455" }
intr_otp_error_o one of { "0", "115792089237316195423570985008687907853269984665640564039457584007913129639935" }
otp_obs_o == "0"
lc_creator_seed_sw_rw_en_i one of { "115792089237316195423570985008687907853269984665640564039457584007913129639935", "4" }
lc_seed_hw_rd_en_i one of { "0", "4" }
lc_escalate_en_i one of { "1", "4" }
otp_ext_voltage_h_io one of { "-1", "0" }
lc_seed_hw_rd_en one of { "-1", "4" }
lc_check_byp_en one of { "4", "4611967493404037800" }
lc_dft_en one of { "-1", "1092" }
lc_escalate_en_synced one of { "1200959900632132", "4611967493404040363" }
tlul_part_sel_oh one of { "1", "1092" }
part_tlul_gnt one of { "0", "21" }
part_tlul_rvalid one of { "0", "9" }
dai_idle one of { "0", "1" }
part_fsm_err one of { "0", "76929471251750273848705239152733669396455464067492991403832661799783757349583688569989482106092830086063723883749486922549573336706976304338739120746100928825705426436057757869217668698291864920494724962663677471" }
chk_pending one of { "0", "10" }
integ_chk_ack one of { "11603140796640482181934107735354621288516690183869728570366104519228760058119211113841405277988778536421407799364291269405337896094424859170096043740625628757636836003848644706998690879492529217543597544426088144578455334938512309725862410467305311915239842527214564515279029569083079089841340081677885065088636731662597113622827264", "7" }
cnsty_chk_req one of { "0", "8468245980088003815891821825495532090310173034801818317346864731096662640359258587573247547151725062839368065877681532158326002998569369511014551868106791" }
cnsty_chk_ack one of { "0", "7" }
lfsr_edn_req one of { "0", "101033739191003473222579476271154853872284958806122770116538354065392859767432" }
edn_data one of { "0", "21674255512270216372172778503958891098521617017449217772278033365021575888256014489461322286073034613772581683819995407826803957391436472701922811988814389115584781723513868340568987771031768981740978949020309861841138338005800608392" }
edn_ack one of { "0", "5477049976260990844452462555705366641599183751325370442376" }
key_edn_req one of { "0", "46423099417978118591375198419350446110007263810945801745642414207396612837977494644316540655375179696746278853694145949219741138084188908363896320784424802578446806008183529584870695347615456989" }
key_edn_ack one of { "-1", "0" }
otp_prim_ready one of { "0", "1" }
lc_escalate_en one of { "0", "1200959900632132" }
part_scrmbl_req_ready one of { "-1", "1" }
sram_data_key_seed one of { "-1", "177294864880298620563638643791125026013" }
core_tl_i == "-1"
core_tl_o one of { "0", "4611967493404037800" }
prim_tl_o one of { "0", "4611967493404040363" }
alert_rx_i one of { "1092", "1365" }
alert_tx_o one of { "0", "21" }
otp_ast_pwr_seq_h_i one of { "0", "2" }
otbn_otp_key_o one of { "0", "5477049976260990844452462555705366641599183751325370442376" }
tl_win_d2h one of { "4611967493404033192", "4611967493404033193" }
part_access one of { "0", "200166098174805891005350180090414721385" }
part_access_dai one of { "0", "200166098188787331449043886724569536150" }
obs_ctrl_i one of { "0", "9" }
reg_addr one of { "-1", "10" }
check_trigger_regwen_qs one of { "1", "10" }
intr_enable_otp_operation_done_wd one of { "-1", "1" }
direct_access_regwen_qs one of { "0", "150" }
direct_access_cmd_rd_wd one of { "-1", "150" }
direct_access_cmd_digest_wd one of { "-1", "105" }
direct_access_address_we one of { "0", "105" }
tl_o_pre one of { "0", "4611967493404033192" }
tl_o one of { "1", "4611967493404037800" }
lc_en_i one of { "4", "4294967295" }
lc_en one of { "10", "42" }
gen_buffs[0].lc_en_out one of { "0", "10" }
gen_buffs[4].lc_en_out one of { "-1", "10" }
req_type_o one of { "15", "150" }
error_det one of { "1", "150" }
a_ack one of { "0", "233" }
d_ack one of { "0", "255" }
sram_ack one of { "0", "252" }
d_valid one of { "0", "191" }
vld_rd_rsp one of { "0", "215" }
error_blanking_data one of { "4294967295", "95" }
unused_instr one of { "0", "151" }
unused_data one of { "255", "4294967295" }
error_instr_integ one of { "154", "42" }
error_data_integ one of { "42", "63" }
error_blanking_integ one of { "107", "42" }
d_data one of { "180", "4294967295" }
data_intg one of { "251", "42" }
woffset one of { "0", "249" }
wmask_combined one of { "0", "48" }
wdata_combined one of { "0", "253" }
wmask_int one of { "0", "135" }
wdata_int one of { "0", "181" }
wdata_intg one of { "0", "251" }
rdata_reshaped one of { "0", "121" }
rdata_tlword one of { "0", "195" }
gen_write_output[0].gen_ft_output.unused_w one of { "0", "58" }
sramreqfifo_rdata one of { "0", "83" }
rspfifo_rdata one of { "0", "207" }
tl_i_int one of { "-1", "239" }
reqfifo_wdata one of { "-1", "210" }
rspfifo_wdata one of { "0", "159" }
req_i one of { "1", "207" }
gnt_o one of { "0", "229" }
idx_o one of { "0", "189" }
valid_o one of { "1", "92" }
data_o one of { "119", "4294967295" }
gen_normal_case.req_tree one of { "139", "53" }
gen_normal_case.gnt_tree one of { "0", "31" }
gen_normal_case.idx_tree one of { "249", "34466326032832" }
gen_normal_case.gen_tree[0].gen_level[0].gen_nodes.sel one of { "0", "214" }
gen_normal_case.gen_tree[1].gen_level[0].gen_nodes.sel one of { "0", "63" }
gen_normal_case.gen_tree[1].gen_level[1].gen_nodes.sel one of { "1", "227" }
gen_normal_case.gen_tree[2].gen_level[1].gen_nodes.sel one of { "1", "118" }
gen_normal_case.gen_tree[2].gen_level[2].gen_nodes.sel one of { "1", "62" }
gen_normal_case.gen_tree[2].gen_level[3].gen_nodes.sel one of { "1", "31" }
event_intr_i one of { "0", "154" }
reg2hw_intr_enable_q_i one of { "0", "184" }
reg2hw_intr_test_q_i one of { "-1", "248" }
reg2hw_intr_test_qe_i one of { "0", "130" }
reg2hw_intr_state_q_i one of { "0", "169" }
hw2reg_intr_state_de_o one of { "0", "162" }
intr_o one of { "0", "22" }
new_event one of { "0", "84" }
edn_req_o one of { "0", "46" }
otp_prog_busy_i one of { "1", "18" }
integ_chk_trig_i one of { "0", "137" }
cnsty_chk_trig_i one of { "0", "145" }
chk_pending_o one of { "0", "80" }
timeout_i one of { "0", "36" }
integ_period_msk_i one of { "0", "11" }
integ_chk_req_o one of { "0", "57" }
cnsty_chk_req_o one of { "0", "192" }
integ_chk_ack_i one of { "7", "82" }
cnsty_chk_ack_i one of { "197", "7" }
escalate_en_i one of { "12", "4" }
chk_timeout_o one of { "0", "99" }
lfsr_state one of { "1086805417934", "251" }
integ_cnt one of { "0", "213" }
cnsty_cnt one of { "0", "54" }
integ_cnt_err one of { "0", "81" }
cnsty_cnt_err one of { "0", "182" }
state_q one of { "17", "37" }
edn_ack_i one of { "0", "164" }
reseed_en one of { "0", "157" }
lfsr_en one of { "0", "202" }
reseed_cnt_d one of { "0", "24" }
reseed_cnt_q one of { "0", "106" }
entropy one of { "0", "225" }
unused_seed one of { "0", "104" }
integ_cnt_set_val one of { "0", "89" }
cnsty_cnt_set_val one of { "0", "91" }
integ_mask one of { "255", "99" }
cnsty_mask one of { "127", "255" }
integ_set_period one of { "0", "247" }
integ_cnt_zero one of { "1", "191" }
cnsty_set_timeout one of { "0", "124" }
cnsty_cnt_zero one of { "1", "38" }
cnsty_cnt_set one of { "0", "125" }
timeout_zero one of { "1", "220" }
integ_msk_zero one of { "1", "21" }
cnsty_msk_zero one of { "1", "235" }
set_all_integ_reqs one of { "0", "39" }
set_all_cnsty_reqs one of { "0", "161" }
integ_chk_req_d one of { "0", "175" }
integ_chk_req_q one of { "0", "236" }
cnsty_chk_req_d one of { "0", "147" }
clr_cnsty_chk_trig one of { "0", "4" }
integ_chk_trig_q one of { "0", "2" }
cnsty_chk_trig_d one of { "0", "103" }
cnsty_chk_trig_q one of { "0", "64" }
state_d one of { "144", "17" }
chk_timeout_d one of { "0", "94" }
chk_timeout_q one of { "0", "87" }
req_chk_i one of { "1", "156" }
unused_req_chk one of { "1", "211" }
gen_normal_case.prio_tree one of { "0", "231" }
gen_normal_case.sel_tree one of { "223", "5" }
gen_normal_case.mask_tree one of { "0", "5" }
gen_normal_case.data_tree one of { "0", "108" }
gen_normal_case.prio_mask_d one of { "0", "97" }
gen_normal_case.prio_mask_q one of { "0", "134" }
gen_normal_case.unused_prio_tree one of { "0", "156" }
ack_o one of { "0", "237" }
word_ack one of { "0", "148" }
word_data one of { "0", "42" }
word_fips one of { "0", "112" }
fips_o one of { "1", "154" }
err_o one of { "0", "6" }
word_req one of { "0", "141" }
fips_d one of { "1", "102" }
fips_q one of { "1", "163" }
gen_normal_case.gen_tree[3].gen_level[0].gen_nodes.sel one of { "1", "87" }
gen_normal_case.gen_tree[3].gen_level[1].gen_nodes.sel one of { "1", "78" }
gen_normal_case.gen_tree[3].gen_level[2].gen_nodes.sel one of { "1", "9" }
gen_normal_case.gen_tree[3].gen_level[3].gen_nodes.sel one of { "1", "181" }
gen_normal_case.gen_tree[3].gen_level[4].gen_nodes.sel one of { "1", "113" }
gen_normal_case.gen_tree[3].gen_level[5].gen_nodes.sel one of { "1", "7" }
gen_normal_case.gen_tree[3].gen_level[6].gen_nodes.sel one of { "1", "56" }
gen_normal_case.gen_tree[3].gen_level[7].gen_nodes.sel one of { "1", "6" }
gen_normal_case.gen_tree[4].gen_level[11].gen_leafs.gen_tie_off.unused_sigs one of { "0", "109" }
gen_normal_case.gen_tree[4].gen_level[12].gen_leafs.gen_tie_off.unused_sigs one of { "0", "205" }
gen_normal_case.gen_tree[4].gen_level[13].gen_leafs.gen_tie_off.unused_sigs one of { "0", "126" }
gen_normal_case.gen_tree[4].gen_level[14].gen_leafs.gen_tie_off.unused_sigs one of { "0", "244" }
gen_normal_case.gen_tree[4].gen_level[15].gen_leafs.gen_tie_off.unused_sigs one of { "1", "187" }
lc_en_buf one of { "101", "279620" }
tl_h2d_i one of { "-1", "127" }
tl_d2h_error one of { "242", "4611967493404040363" }
tl_d2h_o one of { "30", "4611967493404040363" }
digest_state_d one of { "0", "18446744069414584320" }
dec_data_out one of { "0", "6148914691236517205" }
dec_key_out one of { "0", "48999163945790996480" }
enc_key_out one of { "0", "271162511140122838072376640297190293504" }
dec_idx_out one of { "0", "31" }
otp_digest_const_mux one of { "0", "44673164092574283952150430148380433694" }
otp_enc_key_mux one of { "0", "155501549707994824700277730530708804747" }
otp_dec_key_mux one of { "0", "79342881490939533593813278354960818731" }
otp_digest_iv_mux one of { "0", "16915408087132840954" }
digest_addr_lut one of { "0", "1205329754836268191494172" }
Info one of { "0", "1587555329" }
PartInfoDefault one of { "0", "32640" }
sram_data_key_seed_i one of { "0", "177294864880298620563638643791125026013" }
key_out_q one of { "0", "148455737076846169029564980317182413009" }
nonce_out_d one of { "0", "337256015343853178630420519502192652612" }
mubi_i one of { "0", "65" }
mubi one of { "0", "105" }
init_locked one of { "0", "20" }
access_i one of { "0", "26985" }
access_o one of { "0", "38550" }
Exiting Daikon.
